feat(icon): add `<rh-icon>` (#1732)
RedHat-UX/red-hat-design-system: .changeset/quiet-ads-provide.md

---
"@rhds/elements": minor
---

✨ Added `<rh-icon>`.

>   Icons represents general concepts and can support text as a decorative element. The icon element, <rh-icon>, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Icons represents general concepts and can support text as a decorative element. The `<rh-icon>` element
```

>   is a container that allows users to add icons of varying dimensions in the same area without shifting surrounding content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  allows experience and content authors to add Red Hat icons of varying dimensions in the same area without shifting surrounding content.
```

  ```html

>   <rh-icon icon="alert"></rh-icon>

Author: resolved by `accessible-label` property addition
